                                                                                                                   ID#170303
                                                                                                                   PUBILISHED ON
                                                                                                                   SEPTEMBER 29, 2016




            Dynacast: Solid, Middle Market LBO
            BY MARGARET CANNELLA *


           Introduction
           Having spent two years as an analyst in JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s investment banking
           Industrials and Transportation Group, followed by two years at Kohlberg and Company,
           Jonathan Schilowitz graduated from Columbia Business School in May 2012 and landed a job
           with the Swiss-headquartered, global private markets investment manager Partners Group
           (PG).
           PG is a private markets investment manager, serving over 700 institutional investors globally,
           with $50 billion in assets under management (USD) and more than 800 professionals across 18
           international offices. The firm focuses on a variety of alternative investments, realizing
           potential in private markets by financing and developing great companies, desirable real
           estate, and essential infrastructure.
           At the time that Schilowitz came on board, PG was focusing for the first time on direct private
           equity investments in the United States, and with his experience at Kohlberg and Company,
           Schilowitz was well placed to help the senior management of the firm accomplish this goal.
           Among the many companies in their sights was Dynacast, a small, but global, company that
           manufactured high quality metal components. The company was led by a highly skilled
           management team with solid customer relationships—and operated in an industry with
           strong barriers to entry.


           The Company
           Headquartered in Charlotte, NC, in 2014 Dynacast was the global market leader in the
           manufacturing of precision-engineered metal components. Utilizing proprietary die cast and
           metal injection molding technologies, Dynacast produced over one billion high precision
           components per year primarily using zinc, aluminum, magnesium and stainless steel. The

            Author affiliation                                                   Copyright information
            *
              Adjunct Professor, Finance and Economics and Heilbrunn Center       © 2016 by The Trustees of Columbia University in the City of New
            for Graham and Dodd Investing; Administrative Director, Private      York.
            Equity Program, Columbia Business School
                                                                                 This case is for teaching purposes only and does not represent an
            Acknowledgements                                                     endorsement or judgment of the material included.
            The author wishes to thank Dynacast CEO Simon Newman and
            Jonathan Schilowitz ’12 of Partners Group for sharing insights and   This case cannot be used or reproduced without explicit permission
            material for this case. The following Columbia Business School       from Columbia CaseWorks. To obtain permission, please visit
            2016 Private Equity Program Fellows provided research support        www.gsb.columbia.edu/caseworks, or e-mail
            for this case: Nicolo Della Casa, Gaëlle Gurné, Towson Remmel,       ColumbiaCaseWorks@gsb.columbia.edu.
            Gauthier Salavert, and Rui Jie (Melody) Xu. Charles Pippen ’17
            also provided research support for this case.



Authorized for use only in Private Equity by Emmanuel Yimfor from September 2026 to October 2026.
           company offered robust solutions to many industries including automotive safety and
           electronics, consumer electronics and healthcare.
           Dynacast was established in 1926 and competed largely on the basis of its proprietary multi-
           slide process and conventional tooling techniques, which provided high volume cost
           advantages that were not available to competitors. Dynacast operated 23 manufacturing
           facilities in 16 countries and had over 5,500 employees.


           The Transaction
           On December 16, 2014, PG and Kenner & Company announced that they had signed an
           agreement to acquire a controlling stake in Dynacast International Inc. The transaction had a
           total enterprise value of $1.1 billion (excluding transaction and financing fees, and debt
           breakage costs) and was expected to close in February 2015. The transaction would be financed
           with equity from the buyer consortium and management, as well as debt financing, including:
              •   $580 million First Lien facilities:
                     o $530 million First Lien Term Loan (L+4.25%)
                     o $50 million Revolving Credit Facilities (L+4.00% and unfunded at close)
              •   $170 million Second Lien Term Loan (L+8.50%)
              •   $6 million in debt rollover (2.00% annual interest rate)
              •   $483 million of New Sponsor Equity and Management Rollover Equity


           The Process
           In July 2011, Kenner & Co., a fundless sponsor, led an investor group consisting of Izurium
           Capital, W Capital Partners, Laurel Crown Partners and Tower Square Capital Partners to
           acquire Dynacast. Under this ownership, the Company performed very well through the first
           half of 2014, with revenues growing from $428 million to $650 million and EBITDA from $82
           million to $124 million. Over the past 18 months, PG had been in contact with Kenner as well
           as with management. On the basis of PG’s strong conviction about the business, PG submitted
           a non-binding bid for the company to its board on September 18, 2014.
           Over the next several weeks, PG held a series of meetings with the selling shareholders and
           multiple meetings with Dynacast CEO Simon Newman and CFO Adrian Murphy.
           On November 3, PG reached an agreement with Dynacast’s selling shareholders on a six-week
           exclusivity period to complete due diligence and negotiate a stock purchase agreement by
           December 15. At the same time, PG held detailed discussions with potential lenders including
           JPMorgan Chase, Bank of America, Barclays, UBS and Morgan Stanley. Due diligence efforts
           were complemented by working together with third-party providers McKinsey & Company
           (market/competition), KPMG (accounting/tax), Goodwin Procter (legal), TBM Consulting
           Group (operational consultants), West Monroe Partners (IT), Ramboll Environ
           (Environmental) and Willis Towers Watson (Benefits and Insurance).




                                                          Dynacast: Solid, Middle Market LBO | Page 2
                                                                                BY MARGARET CANNELLA*


Authorized for use only in Private Equity by Emmanuel Yimfor from September 2026 to October 2026.
           With the process completed and the due diligence successfully executed to the buyer’s
           satisfaction, the Purchase Agreement was signed and the Confidential Information
           Memorandum circulated to the debt investors on January 12, 2015.
           Click here to watch Schilowitz discuss the due diligence process and the evolution of the deal.


           Assignment
           As Schilowitz, you need to meet with your bankers to explain the transaction. Key to their
           interests are the valuation, investment thesis, and capital structure. They are also heavily
           focused on getting to know the highly regarded management team.
           As Schilowitz and his team consider how to present these issues, they gather the company’s
           most recent 10K and 10Q reports and comparables data, and sit down to present their key
           assumptions with regard to:
              •   The basis for the valuation of the Company (quantified in a free cash flow forecast),
                  considering a range of methodologies
              •   The investment thesis and risks of the transaction
              •   The due diligence questions Schilowitz might have for this transaction
           Finally, in a casual elevator conversation, PG senior management asks Schilowitz what the key
           numbers and expected returns are for this transaction. Use a paper-LBO to justify Schilowitz’s
           answer.


           See Exhibits 1-10 to complete the assignment.




            Page 3 | Dynacast: Solid, Middle Market LBO
            BY MARGARET CANNELLA*


Authorized for use only in Private Equity by Emmanuel Yimfor from September 2026 to October 2026.
           Exhibit 1
           Transaction Press Release (12/17/14)

           Partners Group to acquire Dynacast, a leading global manufacturer of precision engineered
           components
           Partners Group, the global private markets investment manager, has signed an agreement to
           acquire a controlling stake in Dynacast International on behalf of its clients. The transaction
           has an overall enterprise value of USD 1.1 billion and is expected to close in February 2015.
           Founded nearly 80 years ago, Dynacast International is a global manufacturer of small, highly
           complex metal components. The company uses proprietary precision die-casting and metal
           injection molding (MIM) technologies to produce customized, high-volume components with
           complex shapes and tight tolerances. Dynacast is headquartered in Charlotte, North Carolina,
           and has 23 manufacturing plants in 16 countries worldwide, which serve a diverse client base
           including blue-chip customers across the automotive, telecommunications, computing,
           consumer electronics, and healthcare industries.
           Dynacast was acquired in 2011 by a consortium of investors including Izurium Capital
           Management, W Capital Partners, Laurel Crown Partners, Kenner & Company, Babson
           Capital Management, Macquarie Capital and certain members of management. Since its
           acquisition in 2011, Dynacast has experienced considerable growth and has expanded its
           footprint and penetrated new markets with its broad range of product offerings while
           strengthening its product portfolio with its recent acquisition of Kinetics Climax Inc.
           Partners Group is acquiring Dynacast from exiting financial investors and is joined in the
           acquisition by Kenner & Company, an existing shareholder, and the company’s management
           team, which will both roll over significant equity stakes into the new transaction. Following
           the close of the acquisition, Partners Group and Kenner & Company will work closely with
           Dynacast’s management team to support the company in the next phase of its global growth
           plans.
           Simon Newman, Chief Executive Officer of Dynacast, states: “Dynacast has a long and rich
           history of continuously refining our proprietary manufacturing technologies, in-house tooling
           expertise and innovative design processes to manufacture highly complex metal components
           in a fast, repeatable and precise manner to provide greater value to our customers. With the
           investment led by Partners Group, we have the strategic support and capital backing to enter
           into the next phase of growth for our company.”
           Joel Schwartz, Managing Director at Partners Group in New York, adds: “We are really
           looking forward to working with Simon and the rest of Dynacast’s management team in this
           next stage of the company’s development. Dynacast already has a truly differentiated position
           as a global supplier in the precision metal components marketplace and we see exciting
           potential for further expansion. We believe our global platform and deep network of industry
           relationships make us the ideal partner to back management’s vision for the business going


                                                           Dynacast: Solid, Middle Market LBO | Page 4
                                                                                  BY MARGARET CANNELLA*


Authorized for use only in Private Equity by Emmanuel Yimfor from September 2026 to October 2026.
           forward, particularly through our assistance with acquisitions and with the deepening of the
           company’s integrated, worldwide approach.”
           The transaction has fully committed financing from JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., Barclays and
           Macquarie Capital and is subject to regulatory approvals and customary closing conditions.
           J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Barclays, Macquarie Capital, Goodwin Procter LLP and KPMG
           LLP are advising Partners Group on the transaction.
           Morgan Stanley and Co. LLC served as exclusive financial advisor to Dynacast while
           Hunton & Williams LLP and Davis Polk & Wardwell LLP served as legal counsel to Dynacast
           with respect to the transaction.




            Page 5 | Dynacast: Solid, Middle Market LBO
            BY MARGARET CANNELLA*


Authorized for use only in Private Equity by Emmanuel Yimfor from September 2026 to October 2026.
           Exhibit 2
           Company Overview (2013 Form 10K)
           Dynacast International Inc. (formerly KDI Holdings, Inc.) was formed by affiliates of Kenner &
           Company, Inc. (“Kenner”) and their co-investors as a Delaware corporation in 2011. On
           July 19, 2011, Dynacast acquired from Melrose plc and certain of its subsidiaries (“Melrose”)
           the outstanding equity of the entities (the “Dynacast Group”) that prior thereto had conducted
           the business of Dynacast and its subsidiaries described in this Form 10-K (the “Dynacast
           business”). In this Form 10-K, we refer to the Dynacast Group prior to the acquisition of the
           Dynacast business (the “Acquisition”) as the “Predecessor Company” and we refer to
           Dynacast and its consolidated subsidiaries following the Acquisition as the “Successor
           Company.” As used in this Form 10-K, the terms the “Company,” “Dynacast,” “we,” “us,”
           and “our” generally refer, with respect to the period after July 19, 2011, to Dynacast
           International Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiaries and, with respect to the periods prior to
           and including July 19, 2011, to the Dynacast Group.
           The Acquisition, along with the payment of related fees and expenses, was financed with the
           following (such financing, together with the Acquisition, the “Transactions”): the Senior
           Secured First Lien Credit Facilities (the “Senior Secured Credit Facilities”) consisting of a
           $50.0 million term loan (the “term loan”), $50.0 million revolving credit facility (the “revolving
           credit facility”), $350.0 million of our 9.25% Senior Secured Second Lien Notes (the “Notes”),
           $53.0 million of redeemable preferred stock and $170.0 million of common stock and related
           warrants.
           Company Overview
           We are a global manufacturer of small engineered precision die cast components. We serve
           customers in automotive safety and electronics, consumer electronics, telecommunications,
           healthcare, hardware, computer and peripherals and many other industries. Our customers
           range from large multinational companies to small family-owned businesses. We manage our
           business primarily on a geographical basis through three reportable segments—Asia Pacific,
           Europe and North America—each of which is comprised of the facilities located within the
           applicable geographic region.
           Our extensive engineering expertise and use of specialized manufacturing technologies enable
           us to design and manufacture customized, small, high precision components with complex
           geometries in a cost-effective manner. Through our proprietary multi-slide die casting
           manufacturing technology, we have developed extensive know-how in the die casting of small
           components. We also have expertise in small component conventional die casting methods,
           which employ similar manufacturing techniques as our multi-slide manufacturing process
           and achieve comparable high tolerances, complexity and quality in our finished components.
           The small components we manufacture generally fit in the palm of a hand. We use zinc,
           aluminum and magnesium alloys, which have many preferred physical and mechanical
           characteristics for customer applications. Most products we manufacture are customized
           orders. During 2013, at certain of our facilities, we began to offer metal injection molding


                                                             Dynacast: Solid, Middle Market LBO | Page 6
                                                                                    BY MARGARET CANNELLA*


Authorized for use only in Private Equity by Emmanuel Yimfor from September 2026 to October 2026.
           (“MIM”). Through the addition of MIM, we believe that we will be able to expand our ability
           to die-cast components using a wider variety of metals. The MIM process is suitable for die
           casting using stainless steel, titanium and copper.
           We believe the threat of large tonnage competitors is low due to their lack of technological
           expertise and manufacturing capabilities for small components. We benefit from well-
           established and long-term relationships with our diversified customer base. On average, the
           length of our relationship with the majority our top 10 customers is greater than 15 years. We
           believe that we are the sole source supplier to our customers for many of the products that we
           manufacture.
           We believe we are the only company in the small component die casting market that can
           provide a full range of engineered solutions on a global basis. We believe we are well
           positioned to secure additional business from our current customers through our 22 facilities
           in 16 countries across North America, Europe and Asia.
           History and Development
           The operating history of the Dynacast business dates back to the original company’s founding
           in the United States in 1926. The original company engaged in the manufacture of small die
           cast components in the U.S. and Canada. In the 1960s, the original company’s business was
           acquired by a U.K. textile company with operations in the U.S. Subsequently, operations
           expanded to Europe and Asia. In 1999, the original company’s business was acquired by a
           U.K. private equity firm which, in turn, sold the business to Melrose in 2005. Melrose owned
           the Dynacast business until it was sold in the Acquisition.
           Market Overview
           Die casting is a metallurgical fabrication process used to mass produce precision engineered
           parts in many different applications and across multiple industries. According to the North
           American Die Casting Association and our management, die casting of small-sized precision
           parts has several advantages compared to other metallurgical processes:
              •   Cost savings. Die casting is a cost-effective process for manufacturing metal
                  components. The high volume nature of die casting offers production scale efficiencies.
                  Furthermore, multi-slide die casting production can further reduce costs by combining
                  several components into a single die cast component, allowing for the manufacture of
                  complex parts in a single process.
              •   High speed production. Die casting generates complex shapes within closer tolerances
                  than many other mass production processes. Little or no machining is required and
                  millions of identical castings can be produced before additional tooling is required.
              •   Dimensional accuracy and stability. Die casting produces heat resistant parts that are
                  durable and dimensionally stable, while maintaining close tolerances.
              •   Strength-to-weight ratio. Die cast parts are stronger than those produced by many
                  alternative processes such as plastic injection molding. In addition, because die
                  castings do not consist of separate parts welded or fastened together, the strength is
                  that of the alloy rather than the joining process.

            Page 7 | Dynacast: Solid, Middle Market LBO
            BY MARGARET CANNELLA*


Authorized for use only in Private Equity by Emmanuel Yimfor from September 2026 to October 2026.
              •    Multiple finishing techniques. Die cast parts can be produced with smooth or textured
                   surfaces and are easily plated or finished with minimum surface preparation.
               • Simplified assembly. Die castings provide integral fastening elements, such as bosses and
                   studs. Holes can be cored and made to tap drill sizes, or external threads can be cast.
           The market can be segmented by the metal alloy that serves as the base of the casted part. Die
           casting employs only non-ferrous metals. Commonly used non-ferrous metals for die casting
           include zinc, aluminum, and magnesium. As discussed above, the MIM process is suitable for
           die casting stainless steel, titanium and copper.
              • Zinc. Given its strength and hardness, high thermal conductivity, low cost, superb
                dimensional accuracy and stability, zinc is a preferred metal for small, high precision
                components and a good alternative to machined, pressed, stamped and fabricated
                components.
              • Aluminum. Aluminum is the most widely used non-ferrous metal alloy in die casting.
                Given its high strength-to-weight ratio, aluminum is a commonly used alternative to
                steel. TechNavio’s analysts forecast the global aluminum die casting market to grow at
                a compound annual growth rate of 11.89% over the period 2012-2016. One of the key
                factors contributing to this market growth is the increasing need for superior-quality
                products. The global aluminum die casting market has also been witnessing the
                increase in outsourcing of manufacturing activities to the Asia Pacific region.
              • Magnesium. Small magnesium components are typically used in non-automotive
                applications, most commonly in electronic devices, given its high strength-to-weight
                ratio (higher than aluminum) and its properties of electromagnetic impulse shielding
                and thermal conductivity.
           Segments
           We have three reportable geographic segments: Asia Pacific, Europe and North America. Each
           of the segments is a supplier of die cast parts and components. Each segment also earns
           revenue from the sale of tools developed for specific die cast parts, including multi-slide zinc,
           conventional zinc and conventional aluminum die casting.
           Asia Pacific
           Our Asia Pacific segment operates eight manufacturing facilities in China, India, Indonesia,
           Malaysia, Singapore and South Korea. For the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012, the
           Asia Pacific reportable segment’s net sales were $236.0 and $206.3 million and operating
           income was $36.3 and $28.9 million, respectively. For the period July 20, 2011 through
           December 31, 2011 (the “Successor 2011 Period”), the Asia Pacific reportable segment had net
           sales of $75.2 million and operating income of $8.5 million. For the period January 1, 2011
           through July 19, 2011 (the “Predecessor 2011 Period”), the Asia Pacific reportable segment had
           net sales of $80.2 million and operating income of $13.2 million. Total assets for the Asia Pacific
           reportable segment were $306.2 and $291.8 million as of December 31, 2013 and 2012,
           respectively.
           Europe


                                                             Dynacast: Solid, Middle Market LBO | Page 8
                                                                                     BY MARGARET CANNELLA*


Authorized for use only in Private Equity by Emmanuel Yimfor from September 2026 to October 2026.
           Our Europe segment operates eight manufacturing facilities in Austria, France, Germany,
           Italy, Slovenia, Spain and the United Kingdom. For the years ended December 31, 2013 and
           2012, the Europe reportable segment’s net sales were $184.3 and $170.6 million and operating
           income was $22.7 and $21.9 million, respectively. For the Successor 2011 Period, the Europe
           reportable segment had net sales of $78.3 million and operating income of $13.4 million. For
           the Predecessor 2011 Period, the Europe reportable segment had net sales of $110.8 million
           and operating income of $22.6 million. Total assets for the Europe reportable segment were
           $422.8 and $414.1 million as of December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively.
           North America
           Our North America segment operates six manufacturing facilities in Canada, Mexico and the
           United States. For the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012, the North America reportable
           segment’s net sales were $159.7 and $142.5 million and operating income was $26.1 and $23.1
           million, respectively. For the Successor 2011 Period, the North America reportable segment
           had net sales of $58.3 million and operating income of $8.7 million (as recast, as discussed in
           more detail in Note 2 to the audited consolidated and combined financial statements contained
           under Item 8 of Part II in this Form 10-K). For the Predecessor 2011 Period, the North American
           reportable segment had net sales of $75.9 million and operating income of $8.9 million. Total
           assets for North America were $206.8 and $192.1 million (as recast) as of December 31, 2013
           and 2012, respectively.
           Our facilities position us to meet the growing demands of large multinational corporate
           customers. We are focused on aligning our manufacturing sites and production capacity with
           our customer base to help increase revenue and improve response time to customer demand.
           Recently, we expanded our presence in Batam, Indonesia (2013); Cuautitlan Izcalli, Mexico
           (2013); Dongguan, China (2013); Elgin, Illinois (2013); Lake Forest, California (2012); Shanghai,
           China (2012); Weiner Nuestadt, Austria (2012); and Melaka, Malaysia (2011). See “Properties”
           under Item 2 of Part I of this Form 10-K.
           We derive a large portion of our revenue from each of the regions in which we operate. This
           global footprint allows us to transfer capacity within and between regions as needed. Most of
           our facilities provide both multi-slide and conventional die casting as well as a wide range of
           value added services (e.g., polishing, coating) and secondary operations (e.g., computer
           numerical controlled (“CNC”) machining, tapping, tumbling).
           Presence in Asia
           We have had a presence in Asia since 1979 when we opened our first facility in Singapore.
           Since then we have invested significantly in Asia and developed high quality manufacturing
           facilities which enable us to produce components with the same precision and tolerance
           requirements as in our European and North American manufacturing facilities. Through our
           existing facilities in China, India, Indonesia, Malaysia, Singapore and South Korea, we believe
           that Dynacast has developed the largest network of precision die casting facilities in the Asia
           region.



            Page 9 | Dynacast: Solid, Middle Market LBO
            BY MARGARET CANNELLA*


Authorized for use only in Private Equity by Emmanuel Yimfor from September 2026 to October 2026.
           Growth in Asia, particularly in China, has been in direct response to customer demands,
           particularly from established multinational corporations (“MNCs”) in the region. We see
           opportunity to replicate the success of our Shanghai facility in more regions in China.
           International Business Development Group
           The International Business Development Group (the “IBD Group”) was established in early
           2010 and includes five dedicated global sales managers, each having a sales target with global
           multinational accounts. Each IBD Group manager is charged with building a portfolio of
           business that generates at least $15.0 million per year in revenue. Revenue from target
           accounts frequently exceeds $500,000 annually.
           The IBD Group is responsible for:
              •   Organizing global account teams who provide direct service and continuity to MNCs;
              •   Capturing MNC accounts seeking to discuss concepts and commercial terms in one
                  region while manufacturing in our lower-cost facilities around the world; and
               • Coordinating with local plant General Managers to maintain current information on
                  local trends.
           We also use our global network of facilities to win business from locally-based customers. If
           one of our facilities is operating near capacity and cannot provide a customer with a
           competitive price, quotes can be internally re-bid to our facilities with spare capacity. This
           allows us to offer the most competitive price to our customers and avoid losing business to
           competitors.
           The IBD Group has already made significant progress capturing global accounts, highlighting
           the importance and the growth potential of the IBD Group’s work.
           We actively target MNCs and currently have more than 50 accounts that are either current IBD
           customers or prospective IBD customers at December 31, 2013. Management expects
           continued strong performance from the IBD Group as the managers further develop their
           customer relationships and grow their coverage network.
           Focus on Small-Sized Die Cast Components
           We built and developed our proprietary technology and tooling capabilities with a focus on
           small die cast components. This accumulated knowledge has resulted in an established and
           leading position for us in our market with better quality machines, higher product quality, and
           extensive design and engineering skills. We have the ability to produce more complex parts
           with our proprietary multi-slide die casting than our competitors at a lower cost.
           Proprietary Multi-Slide Technology
           Our proprietary multi-slide technology was introduced in 1936 and we continually improve
           this technology. Our multi-slide machines are currently developed and manufactured in our
           German facility. In order to protect our technology, a strategic decision was made in 1968 to
           discontinue selling our machines externally, thus keeping technological innovations out of the
           public domain. In 2007 we acquired the Techmire technology from which we sell a small


                                                          Dynacast: Solid, Middle Market LBO | Page 10
                                                                                  BY MARGARET CANNELLA*


Authorized for use only in Private Equity by Emmanuel Yimfor from September 2026 to October 2026.
           number of machines annually to only original equipment manufacturers and existing
           Techmire customers.
           While our proprietary multi-slide technology is unpatented, we believe it would be
           challenging for anyone to replicate it, as the technology has been built on decades of
           experience. We do have certain patents on our Techmire technology.
           We have developed multi-slide die casting machines that allow us to:
              •   manufacture more complex components than would otherwise be possible through
                  conventional die casting or alternative manufacturing methods;
               • combine components, thereby reducing secondary machining and eliminating
                  assembly operations;
               • reduce secondary machining and scrap that does not have excess metal, which reduces
                  costly secondary machining; and
               • replicate tight tolerances to standards at high volumes without costly additional
                  operations due to high quality tooling, precision construction and relatively low wear-
                  and-tear.
           We have established a seamless manufacturing approach by integrating our proprietary
           multi-slide technology and our in-house tooling capabilities. This integrated approach allows
           us to produce components at a higher quality standard and create a natural barrier against
           technology transfer and customer exit. In-house machine development lowers our total capital
           expenditure spending as we incur only costs of machine components and assembly form.
           Conventional Die Casting
           In addition to our proprietary multi-slide die casting process, we also have expertise in
           conventional die casting methods. We use our advanced computer-aided engineering
           capabilities and expertise related to multi-slide die casting to differentiate ourselves from
           competitors in the conventional die casting market. Since we operate smaller tonnage
           machines, we avoid greater levels of competition and pricing pressure associated with
           conventional die casting in the large component sector.
           Die Casting Capabilities in Zinc, Aluminum and Magnesium
           We manufacture more than one billion small-sized die cast components per year. We have the
           capability to die cast components in zinc, aluminum and magnesium. We derived
           approximately 39.1% of our 2013 revenue from zinc components utilizing multi-slide
           technology and 27.3% utilizing conventional zinc die casting. Aluminum castings accounted
           for approximately 19.8% of our revenues in 2013. In 2012, in response to customer demand we
           began aluminum die casting at our manufacturing facility in Austria to capture the European
           market, which accounted for $6.0 million in sales in 2013. Magnesium castings accounted for
           approximately 1.8% of our revenues in 2013. We believe the primary opportunity for growth
           in magnesium is in precision die casting of consumer electronics parts, primarily in Asia.
           Metal Injection Molding



            Page 11 | Dynacast: Solid, Middle Market LBO
            BY MARGARET CANNELLA*


Authorized for use only in Private Equity by Emmanuel Yimfor from September 2026 to October 2026.
           In 2013 we introduced MIM into our product line at our manufacturing facilities in Elgin,
           Illinois and Singapore/Indonesia. Our Indonesia facility will provide ancillary services to
           Singapore’s MIM operation. MIM is a metallurgic fabrication process that allows complex
           parts to be produced in stainless steel, titanium and other specialized alloys for applications
           where enhanced fatigue and corrosion resistance is required. MIM is complementary to our
           proprietary multi-slide and conventional die casting processes in zinc, aluminum and
           magnesium and is similarly cost-effective for small, intricate, high volume products.
           Customer Base
           Our top 10 customers accounted for approximately 36.4% of 2013 net sales. Our largest
           customer accounted for approximately $46.4 million, or 8.0%, of net sales for the year ended
           December 31, 2013. Sales to the automotive safety and electronics, consumer electronics,
           telecommunications and healthcare end markets represented 38.2%, 20.6%, 7.6% and 7.3%,
           respectively, of our 2013 revenues. Sales to the hardware, computer and peripherals and
           tooling end markets accounted for 17.8% of our 2013 net sales.
           Flexible and Cost Efficient Business Model
           Our business model provides us with operational flexibility, sharing best practices and quality
           performance among our facilities. In addition to a quick time to market response, the seamless
           integration of our multi-slide machines and associated tooling allows for minimal set-up time
           for tooling changes (between 30 and 45 minutes). Through reduced set-up times, we respond
           promptly and efficiently to increases in demand, which in turn allows us to benefit from
           increases in customer activity. In addition, through just-in-time manufacturing processes, we
           maintain a low level of inventory (with an average inventory turnover over the last three fiscal
           years of approximately 36 days).
           Well-Invested Business with Low Capital Requirements
           We align our production capacity with the needs of our customer base. During the year ended
           December 31, 2013, we invested a significant portion of the approximately $39.7 million in total
           capital expenditures on new facilities and machinery in order to be strategically situated to
           capture higher sales volumes. Notably, we require little infrastructure spending, with a
           majority of our expansion capital expenditures focused on adding new production equipment.
           For fiscal year 2014, we have budgeted approximately $29.2 million in capital expenditures of
           which $2.4 million is attributable to MIM.
           Organizational Structure; Workforce
           Our organizational structure is built around local facilities led by General Managers who are
           highly motivated and focused on delivering a set business plan. The average tenure of our
           General Managers is approximately 15 years.
           We operate under a highly decentralized organizational structure with each of the General
           Managers in our North America reportable segment reporting directly to our Chief Executive
           Officer, while the General Managers in our Asia Pacific and Europe reportable segments report
           directly to the respective Executive Vice-President for each region. Senior management

                                                           Dynacast: Solid, Middle Market LBO | Page 12
                                                                                   BY MARGARET CANNELLA*


Authorized for use only in Private Equity by Emmanuel Yimfor from September 2026 to October 2026.
           provides critical centralized sales and marketing coordinating functions, analyzes key
           performance indicators and reviews and implements best practices and financial controls.
           We have been able to promote the General Managers of our facilities internally. For example,
           most facilities in the Asia Pacific region are led by managers previously at Dynacast Singapore.
           These managers transferred manufacturing standards developed in the Singapore facility to
           the new Asian plants, establishing similar organizational structures and operations.
           Employees
           As of December 31, 2013, we had approximately 5,510 employees worldwide, some of whom
           are covered by collective bargaining agreements or are located in countries which have
           collective arrangements decreed by statute.
           In-House Tooling Expertise
           We believe we are one of the few die cast component manufacturers that has full in-house
           tooling design and build capabilities. We have the ability to build tooling in all of our facilities
           and maintain a dedicated tooling facility in Germantown, Wisconsin that can supply tooling
           to our plants globally.
           Suppliers
           We have excellent working relationships with a limited number of suppliers of metal alloys
           and providers of finishing services. This past year, we purchased over 49,000 tons of metal
           alloys from locally-based suppliers in the proximity of each of our manufacturing facilities,
           reducing transportation costs. Given the volume of purchasing, we enjoy benefits of scale
           securing certain volume purchase discounts from our vendors, and have significantly more
           leverage than our smaller competitors.
           Each of our manufacturing facilities has a network of local partners that work very closely
           with us to deliver additional value-added services for manufactured components. Through
           these local partnerships, we can provide a greater breadth of service to our customers.
           Competition
           Our competition is generally fragmented. We compete principally with companies providing
           similar services on a regional and local level and to some extent with those customers with in-
           house manufacturing capabilities. We face different competitors in each country or region
           where they may have a greater operational presence. Competitive factors include price,
           service, geographic coverage and overall performance (e.g. timeliness, accuracy and
           flexibility). We believe that our principal competitive advantages include an approach
           reflecting long-term business partnership and reliability, innovative specialized solutions,
           ability to provide a full range of solutions on a global basis, product quality and conformity to
           customer specifications, design and engineering capabilities, product development, timeliness
           of delivery and price.
           Backlog



            Page 13 | Dynacast: Solid, Middle Market LBO
            BY MARGARET CANNELLA*


Authorized for use only in Private Equity by Emmanuel Yimfor from September 2026 to October 2026.
           A significant proportion of our customers are not contractually obligated to purchase products
           and services from us, and place purchase orders as needed to fulfill their anticipated product
           demand schedules. Our products are highly specialized and specific to each customer’s
           individual requirements, so we do not attempt to anticipate customer demand and do not
           commence manufacturing products until we receive a purchase order from the customer. In
           addition, our larger customers operate under a “just-in-time” delivery system, whereby
           purchase orders are not placed until the customer is confident that our products are required.
           Accordingly, the value of unshipped orders is not material.
           Seasonality
           Certain of our manufacturing facilities have seasonal fluctuations. Sales in the European
           region are generally weaker in the third quarter as many of our European customers and our
           manufacturing facilities themselves are closed for several weeks for the summer holiday.
           Likewise, sales in the Asia Pacific region are generally stronger in the consumer electronics
           end market during the third and fourth quarters as our customers prepare for the holiday
           season.
           Working Capital
           We manufacture products to customer specifications that usually must be readily available to
           meet our customers’ rapid delivery requirements. Therefore, we maintain an adequate level
           of working capital to support our business needs and our customers’ requirements. Such
           working capital requirements are not, however, in the opinion of management, materially
           different from those experienced by our competitors. We believe our sales and payment terms
           are competitive in and appropriate for the regions in which we compete.
           Environmental Health & Safety
           Our operations are subject to environmental and health and safety laws and regulations which
           govern the discharge of pollutants into the air and water, as well as the handling and disposal
           of solid and hazardous wastes. We believe that our operations are currently in substantial
           compliance with applicable environmental laws and regulations and that the costs of
           continuing compliance will not have a material effect on our financial condition or results of
           operations. See also “Risk Factors—We are subject to various environmental, health and safety
           laws and regulations and have related compliance expenditures and liabilities which may
           result in significant costs.”
           Patents and Other Proprietary Rights
           Most of the technology used in our business is unpatented, but is protected by trade secrets
           and nondisclosure and confidentiality agreements. Our name recognition is a valuable asset
           that we protect with trademark registrations and applications, and registered domain names
           worldwide. We are not currently engaged in any intellectual property litigation, nor are there
           any intellectual property claims pending either by or against us.
           Source: Company 10-K



                                                          Dynacast: Solid, Middle Market LBO | Page 14
                                                                                  BY MARGARET CANNELLA*


Authorized for use only in Private Equity by Emmanuel Yimfor from September 2026 to October 2026.
           Exhibit 3
           Consolidated Income Statements, Unaudited
           (IN MILLIONS OF DOLLARS)

                                                     September 30,       September 30,     September 30,        September 30,
                                                         2014                2013              2014                 2013
            Net sales                                      $ 157.0             $ 146.0           $ 465.5              $ 428.8
            Costs of goods sold                             (117.6)             (110.9)           (354.1)              (324.1)
              Gross margin                                     39.4                35.1             111.4                104.7
            Operating expenses:
              Selling, general and
                                                                (18.0)            (16.4)            (52.9)               (50.2)
              administrative expense
                 Total operating expenses                       (18.0)            (16.4)            (52.9)               (50.2)
                 Operating income                                 21.4              18.7              58.5                 54.5
            Other income (expense):
              Interest expense                                  (11.6)            (11.9)            (34.5)               (36.4)
              Other expense, net                                 (0.2)             (0.3)             (2.8)                (4.5)
                 Income before income taxes                        9.6               6.5              21.2                 13.6
            Income tax expense                                   (1.1)             (3.4)             (8.4)               (10.6)
            Net income                                             8.5               3.1              12.8                  3.0
            Less: net income attributable to
                                                                 (0.1)             (0.1)             (0.3)                (0.2)
            non-controlling interests
            Net income attributable to
                                                               $ 8.4             $ 3.0            $ 12.5                $ 2.8
            controlling stockholders

           FOR THE YEAR ENDED
           (IN MILLIONS OF DOLLARS)
                                                                             December 31,        December 31,
                                                                                 2013                2012
            Net sales                                                               $ 580.0             $ 519.4
            Costs of goods sold                                                       (441.7)             (398.0)
              Gross margin                                                              138.3               121.4
            Operating expenses:
              Selling, general and administrative expense                              (68.9)                 (62.1)
              Transaction costs                                                             -                  (0.6)
              Restructuring expense                                                         -                  (0.5)
                  Total operating expenses                                             (68.9)                 (63.2)
                  Operating income                                                       69.4                   58.2
            Other income (expense):
              Interest expense                                                         (47.9)                 (48.7)
              Other (expense) income                                                    (5.7)                  (3.2)
                  Income before income taxes                                             15.8                    6.3
            Income tax expense                                                         (14.6)                  (6.9)
            Net income                                                                    1.2                  (0.6)
            Less: net income attributable to non-controlling interests                  (0.4)                  (0.3)
            Less: Series A preferred stock dividends and accretion                          -                  (0.2)
            Net income attributable to controlling stockholders                        $ 0.8                 $ (1.1)

           Source: Company 10-K




            Page 15 | Dynacast: Solid, Middle Market LBO
            BY MARGARET CANNELLA*


Authorized for use only in Private Equity by Emmanuel Yimfor from September 2026 to October 2026.
           Exhibit 4
           Consolidated Balance Sheet, Unaudited (as of 09/30/14)
           (IN MILLIONS OF DOLLARS)
                                                                            September 30,      December 31,
                                                                                2014               2013
            Assets
            Current assets
                Cash and cash equivalents                                          $ 40.3             $ 36.8
                Accounts receivable, net                                            108.0               97.0
                Inventory, net                                                       49.7               45.0
                Prepaids and other assets                                            18.0               15.2
                Deferred income taxes                                                 5.9                4.9
                  Total current assets                                              221.9              198.9
            Property and equipment, net                                             153.3              148.7
            Intangible assets, net                                                  240.8              249.0
            Goodwill                                                                264.4              246.7
            Deferred financing costs, net                                            13.4               15.7
            Deferred income taxes                                                     4.3                5.1
            Other assets                                                              4.3                4.6
                  Total assets                                                    $ 902.4            $ 868.7
            Liabilities and Equity
            Current liabilities
                Accounts payable                                                   $ 65.6              $67.7
                Income taxes payable                                                  6.2                5.8
                Accrued expenses and other liabilities                               54.0               53.4
                Accrued interest                                                      6.9               15.0
                Deferred revenue                                                     12.4               12.2
                Current portion of accrued pension and retirement                     0.7                0.8
                benefit obligations
                Current portion of long-term debt                                     19.5               5.6
                Deferred income taxes                                                  0.6               0.4
                  Total current liabilities                                          165.9             160.9
            Accrued interest and dividends                                            17.9              17.9
            Accrued pension and retirement benefit obligations                        21.1              22.5
            Long-term debt, net                                                      413.5             384.7
            Mandatorily redeemable preferred stock                                    53.0              53.0
            Warrants                                                                  21.7              15.6
            Deferred income taxes                                                     67.9              68.9
            Other liabilities                                                         15.0               9.7
                  Total liabilities                                                  776.0             733.2
            Puttable common stock                                                      1.5               1.5
            Equity
                Common stock                                                           0.2                0.2
                Additional paid-in capital                                          167.5              167.5
                Accumulated foreign currency translation adjustment, net            (32.0)             (10.5)
                Unrealized loss on cash flow hedges, net                             (0.5)              (0.2)
                Cumulative unrealized pension loss, net                              (2.2)              (2.3)
                Accumulated deficit                                                 (12.3)             (24.8)
                  Total equity attributable to controlling stockholders             120.7              129.9
            Non-controlling interests                                                  4.2                4.1
                Total equity                                                        124.9              134.0
                Total liabilities and equity                                      $ 902.4            $ 868.7

           Source: Company 10-K




                                                                   Dynacast: Solid, Middle Market LBO | Page 16
                                                                                            BY MARGARET CANNELLA*


Authorized for use only in Private Equity by Emmanuel Yimfor from September 2026 to October 2026.
           Exhibit 5
           Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, Unaudited
           (IN MILLIONS OF DOLLARS)
                                                                                  Nine Months Ended
                                                                            September 30,    September 30,
                                                                                2014             2013
            Cash flows from operating activities
            Net income                                                             $ 12.8            $ 3.0
            Adjustments to reconcile net income to cash provided by
               operating activities:
               Depreciation and amortization                                         29.4              25.5
               Amortization of deferred financing costs                                3.0               3.7
               Deferred income taxes                                                 (6.4)             (2.2)
               Change in fair value of warrants                                        6.1               4.8
               Accrued dividends on mandatorily redeemable preferred                   5.3               6.2
               stock
               Gain on insurance receivable                                          (2.3)                -
               Other                                                                 (0.6)              0.3
            Changes in operating assets and liabilities:
               Accounts receivable                                                   (8.7)           (10.3)
               Inventory                                                             (0.9)            (1.4)
               Prepaids and other assets                                               1.7            (1.9)
               Accounts payable                                                      (0.6)            (7.7)
               Income taxes payable                                                    4.6              2.8
               Accrued expenses                                                        5.7             10.3
               Accrued interest and dividends                                        (8.1)            (8.1)
               Other                                                                 (4.6)              6.6
                  Net cash flows provided by operating activities                    36.4              31.6
            Cash flows from investing activities
            Business acquisition                                                    (45.1)                -
            Capital expenditures                                                    (22.9)           (26.8)
            Settlement of derivative contracts                                       (0.4)                0
                  Cash flows used in investing activities                           (68.4)           (26.7)
            Cash flows from financing activities
            Proceeds from term loan                                                  45.0                  -
            Draws on revolver                                                            -               9.0
            Repayments on revolver                                                       -             (9.0)
            Draw on line of credit facility                                            4.8               2.4
            Repayment on line of credit facility                                     (4.8)             (2.4)
            Proceeds from ERP loan                                                       -               5.8
            Debt issuance costs                                                      (0.8)             (0.6)
            Dividends paid to non-controlling interests                              (0.1)             (0.1)
            Dividends paid to holders of mandatorily redeemable preferred            (5.3)                 -
            stock
            Repayments on long-term debt                                             (1.9)             (8.1)
                  Net cash flows used in financing activities                        36.9              (3.0)
            Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents             (1.4)             (0.1)
                  Net change in cash and cash equivalents                              3.5               1.8
            Cash and cash equivalents
            Beginning of period                                                      36.8             28.0
            End of period                                                          $ 40.3           $ 29.8




            Page 17 | Dynacast: Solid, Middle Market LBO
            BY MARGARET CANNELLA*


Authorized for use only in Private Equity by Emmanuel Yimfor from September 2026 to October 2026.
           Exhibit 5 (continued)
           (IN MILLIONS OF DOLLARS)
                                                                                     For the Year ended
                                                                              December 31, 2013 December 31, 2012
           Cash flows from operating activities
           Net income (loss)                                                  $              1.2 $            (0.6)
           Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by
             operating activities:
              Depreciation and amortization                                                 34.7              32.6
              Amortization of deferred financing costs                                       4.6               3.6
              Change in fair value of derivatives                                            0.1              (0.3)
              Deferred income taxes                                                         (2.2)             (4.6)
              Change in fair value of warrants                                               6.1               3.4
              Beneficial conversion value of Series A preferred stock                        —                 0.9
              Accrued dividends on mandatorily redeemable preferred stock                    8.0               8.5
              Other                                                                          1.7               0.6
           Changes in operating assets and liabilities:
              Accounts receivable                                                           (8.7)            (20.0)
              Inventory                                                                     (8.0)             (3.4)
              Prepaid and other assets                                                      (4.3)             (1.4)
              Accounts payable                                                               5.1              14.0
              Income taxes payable                                                           4.7               0.4
              Accrued expenses                                                               4.3               0.3
              Other                                                                          6.0              (1.6)

                 Net cash flows provided by operating activities                         53.3                 32.4
           Cash flows from investing activities
           Capital expenditures                                                         (39.7)               (22.0)
           Settlements of derivative contracts                                            0.1                  1.6

                Net cash flows used in investing activities                             (39.6)               (20.4)

           Cash flows from financing activities
           Draws on revolver                                                              9.0                 24.5
           Repayments on revolver                                                        (9.0)               (24.5)
           Draws on credit facility                                                       4.9                  —
           Repayments on credit facility                                                 (4.9)                 —
           Proceeds from ERP loan                                                         5.8                  —
           Debt issuance costs                                                           (0.6)                (1.2)
           Dividends paid to non-controlling interests                                   (0.2)                (0.3)
           Repayments on long-term debt                                                  (8.1)                (5.0)
           Dividends paid to holders of mandatorily redeemable preferred stock           (1.8)                 —

                Net cash flows used in financing activities                              (4.9)                (6.5)

           Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents                   —                    1.4
                 Net change in cash and cash equivalents                                  8.8                  6.9

           Cash and cash equivalents
           Beginning of year/period                                                      28.0                 21.1

           End of year/period                                                    $       36.8     $           28.0


           Source: Company 10-K




                                                                   Dynacast: Solid, Middle Market LBO | Page 18
                                                                                         BY MARGARET CANNELLA*


Authorized for use only in Private Equity by Emmanuel Yimfor from September 2026 to October 2026.
           Exhibit 6
           Consolidated EBITDA Reconciliations
           (IN MILLIONS OF DOLLARS)
                                                       North                                                       North
                                Europe     Asia       America     Corporate        Total     Europe      Asia     America    Corporate      Total
            Sales                $154.4    $181.4       $129.7      $      --     $465.5      $138.3    $169.1     $121.4      $      --   $428.8
            Net income           $ 19.4    $ 23.5       $ 3.9       $ (34.0)      $ 12.8      $ 16.6    $ 20.6     $ 5.7       $ (39.9)    $ 3.0
             Income taxes           5.8       5.8         17.2        (20.4)         8.4         2.8       5.0       16.6        (13.8)      10.6
             Interest expense       1.0       0.1          0.1          33.3        34.5         1.3       0.1          --         35.0      36.4
             Other (exp.)
                                  (5.1)      (0.2)          --           8.1         2.8       (2.9)      (0.1)         --          7.5       4.5
             income
            Oper. Income           21.1      29.2         21.2        (13.0)        58.5        17.8      25.6        22.3        (11.2)     54.5
             Depreciation &
                                   11.4      10.8          7.1           0.1        29.4        10.1       9.5         5.8          0.1      25.5
             amortization
            EBITDA                 32.5      40.0         28.3        (12.9)        87.9        27.9      35.1        28.1        (11.1)     80.0
             Non-controlling
             interests in            --      (0.9)          --             --       (0.9)      (0.1)      (0.6)         --            --     (0.7)
             EBITDA
             Management
                                     --         --          --           1.9         1.9           --        --         --          1.9       1.9
             fees
             Transaction
                                     --         --          --           1.4         1.4           --        --      (0.9)            --     (0.9)
             costs
            Adj. EBITDA         $ 32.5     $ 39.1      $ 28.3        $ (9.6)      $ 90.3     $ 27.8     $ 34.5     $ 27.2       $ (9.2)    $ 80.3

                                                                                 For the Year Ended
                                                 December 31, 2013                                            December 31, 2012
                                            Asia     North                                                        North
                                Europe     Pacific  America     Corporate           Total    Europe      Asia    America Corporate          Total
            Net sales            $184.3    $236.0     $159.7           $ --        $580.0     $170.6    $206.3    $142.5            $ --   $519.4
            Net income            $19.8     $30.8      $23.9      $ (73.3)           $1.2      $18.5     $25.5     $21.6       $ (66.2)     $(0.6)
             Income taxes           5.0        5.2       2.2           2.2           14.6        4.5       3.2        1.6         (2.4)        6.9
             Interest expense       1.7        0.2         --         46.0           47.9        1.7       0.2          --         50.2      52.1
             Other (exp.)
                                   (3.8)     (0.3)           --           9.8         5.7       (3.5)     (0.1)      (0.3)          3.7      (0.2)
             income
            Oper. Income           22.7       35.9        26.1         (15.3)        69.4       21.2      28.8        22.9        (14.7)     58.2
             Depreciation &
                                   13.8       12.9         7.9            0.1        34.7       12.5      12.8         7.1          0.2      32.6
             amortization
            EBITDA                 36.5       48.8        34.0         (15.2)       104.1       33.7      41.6        30.0        (14.5)     90.8
             Non-controlling
             interests in
             EBITDA                (0.1)     (1.0)           --             --       (1.1)      (0.1)     (0.8)         --            --     (0.9)
             Management
             fees                     --         --          --           2.5         2.5          --        --         --          2.5       2.5
             Impact of change
             in accounting
             principle as
             applied to prior
             periods                  --         --       (0.9)             --       (0.9)         --        --         --            --        --
             Restruct. Sever.         --         --          --             --          --       0.5         --         --            --      0.5
             Transaction
             costs                    --        --           --            --           --       0.4         --         --           0.2      0.6
            Adj. EBIDTA           $36.4     $47.8        $33.1        $(12.7)      $104.6      $34.5     $40.8      $30.0        $(11.8)    $93.5



           Source: Company 10-K.




            Page 19 | Dynacast: Solid, Middle Market LBO
            BY MARGARET CANNELLA*


Authorized for use only in Private Equity by Emmanuel Yimfor from September 2026 to October 2026.
           Exhibit 7
           Enterprise Value Football Field (as of 11/19/14)




                        LBO Analysis       $942                 $1,128


                 Trading Comparables                   $1,142                           $1,489




                                    $800          $1,000        $1,200         $1,400      $1,600
                                                      Equity Value ($ in millions)




           Source: Partners Group




                                                           Dynacast: Solid, Middle Market LBO | Page 20
                                                                                   BY MARGARET CANNELLA*


Authorized for use only in Private Equity by Emmanuel Yimfor from September 2026 to October 2026.
            Exhibit 8
            Trading Comps (as of 11/19/14)
                                                                                                             Market    T12M EV /    T12M    Est curr yr   Next-yr   T12M
                                                                       Stock Price     52-wk     52-wk        cap.      EBITDA       P/E       P/E         P/E       P/S   P/B
              #    Ticker            Name             Country          (Issue curr.)    low       high      (USD m)       (x)        (x)        (x)         (x)      (x)   (x)
              1    PCP US            Precision Castpt  United States          232.5     215.1      275.1      33,143         11.8    18.4       17.0       14.8      3.4    2.8
              2    LEG US            Leggett & Platt   United States           41.0       28.8       41.5      5,648         19.6    24.8       22.6       19.8      1.5    4.6
              3    TKR US            Timken Co         United States           42.7       36.0       50.0      3,786          9.2    17.9       16.9       13.6      1.0    2.3
              4    KMT US            Kennametal Inc    United States           40.1       37.4       52.4      3,175         10.1    17.4       14.2       12.3      1.1    1.7
              5    B US              Barnes Group Inc  United States           36.8       29.5       40.9      2,004         10.0    16.4       15.8       14.7      1.6    1.7
              6    ROLL US           Rbc Bearings Inc  United States           62.8       50.0       69.0      1,467         13.3    23.0       27.1       18.9      3.3    2.9
              7    TRS US            Trimas Corp       United States           31.7       23.7       40.6      1,436         10.0    17.0       16.6       13.8      1.0    2.4
              8    KALU US           Kaiser Aluminum   United States           73.0       65.6       81.6      1,299          7.5    16.0       21.4       16.2      1.0    1.2
              9    RTI US            Rti Intl Metals   United States           24.0       21.7       36.1        736         10.2    37.7       23.7       16.2      0.9    0.9
                   METAL & DIE CASTING MEDIAN                                                                  2,004         10.1    17.9       17.0       14.8      1.1    2.3
                   METAL & DIE CASTING AVERAGE                                                                 5,855         11.3    21.0       18.9       15.6      1.6    2.3
              10   IEX US            Idex Corp         United States           76.6      65.9       81.8       6,080         12.4    21.9       21.6       19.7      2.9    3.8
              11   CSL US            Carlisle Cos Inc  United States           90.7      71.5       90.9       5,817         11.3    23.9       22.4       18.5      1.8    2.7
              12   CR US             Crane Co          United States           61.1      55.0       77.0       3,601         10.9    16.9       13.7       12.5      1.2    2.9
              13   ATU US            Actuant Corp-A    United States           31.0      28.5       39.3       2,011          9.2    16.2       14.8       12.8      1.6    2.0
              14   MEI US            Methode Elec      United States           38.3      23.1       41.9       1,463         12.3    14.3       17.7       15.3      1.8    3.5
              15   GB US             Greatbatch Inc    United States           49.0      38.0       51.6       1,225         12.5    20.3       20.7       18.8      1.7    2.0
              16   SMA US            Symmetry Medical  United States            9.4       7.8       11.1         354         13.6    62.2       17.3       14.6      0.9    1.3
                   SPECIALTY MANUFACTURING MEDIAN                                                              2,011         12.3    20.3       17.7       15.3      1.7    2.7
                   SPECIALTY MANUFACTURING AVERAGE                                                             2,936         11.7    25.1       18.3       16.1      1.7    2.6

                   TOTAL MEDIAN                                                                                2,007        11.1     18.2      17.5        15.1      1.5    2.4
                   TOTAL AVERAGE                                                                               4,578        11.5     22.8      18.6        15.8      1.7    2.4

            Source: Partners Group




                                Page 21 | Dynacast: Solid, Middle Market LBO
                                BY MARGARET CANNELLA*


Authorized for use only in Private Equity by Emmanuel Yimfor from September 2026 to October 2026.
           Exhibit 9
           Directors and Executive Officers
           The following table sets forth our executive officers and directors. The respective age of each
           individual in the table below is as of January 1, 2014:


                     Name               Age                              Position

           Simon J. Newman               51           President, Chief Executive Officer and Director
           Adrian Murphy                 53           Secretary, Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer
           David Angell                  42                   Executive Vice President - Asia
           Josef Ungerhofer              50                 Executive Vice President - Europe
           Thomas Fort                   33                               Director
           Jeffrey L. Kenner             70                         Director (Chairman)
           Stephen E. Paul               46                               Director
           Larry T. Solari               71                               Director
           Stephen Wertheimer            63                               Director


           Each of the persons listed above has been a member of the Board of Directors or an executive
           officer of Dynacast since the closing of the Transactions on July 19, 2011, except for Mr. Kenner,
           who has been a director of Dynacast since its incorporation on May 11, 2011 and
           Mr. Ungerhofer who has been an executive officer of Dynacast since January 1, 2013.
           With respect to our non-employee directors, Messrs. Kenner and Solari are affiliates of Kenner,
           Mr. Wertheimer is an affiliate of W Capital Partners, Mr. Fort is a partner of Izurium Capital
           Advisers Europe LLP and Mr. Paul is a principal of Laurel Crown Partners, LLC. Each of these
           individuals was elected as a director pursuant to a security holders’ agreement. See “Certain
           Relationships and Related Party Transactions.”
           The principal occupations and positions for at least the past five years of the directors and
           executive officers named above are as follows:
           Simon J. Newman
           Simon J. Newman is a Director, and the President and Chief Executive Officer of Dynacast.
           Prior to the Transactions, he was the Chief Executive Officer of the Dynacast business of
           Melrose, a position he held since 2002. Mr. Newman joined Dynacast in 1979 and has served
           in a number of capacities, spending time in all areas of the business, including, Finance,
           Quality, Engineering, Customer Service, Manufacturing and Sales. After successfully
           managing and building a new facility in California he was promoted to the position of VP
           Operations for the SPM group, a plastics company acquired by Dynacast. He spent two years
           in this role before becoming the President of Dynacast North America, a position he held
           before becoming the CEO in 2002. Mr. Newman studied Mechanical Engineering in England
           and after relocating to the United States in 1991, he continued his studies and graduated with
           a BS degree in Operations Management.



                                                            Dynacast: Solid, Middle Market LBO | Page 22
                                                                                     BY MARGARET CANNELLA*


Authorized for use only in Private Equity by Emmanuel Yimfor from September 2026 to October 2026.
           Adrian Murphy
           Adrian Murphy is the Secretary, Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer of Dynacast. Prior to
           the Transactions, he was the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the
           Dynacast business of Melrose, a position he held since 2005. Mr. Murphy initially joined
           Dynacast in 1990 to lead a reorganization project in New York and was subsequently
           appointed as the Group Financial Controller in Dynacast’s head office in England. Following
           Dynacast’s acquisition of the SPM group, a plastics company, Mr. Murphy relocated to
           California where he held the position of Vice President of Finance in the new SPM division.
           Mr. Murphy left Dynacast in 1997 and prior to re-joining served as the Divisional Chief
           Financial Officer at Linamar Corporation. Mr. Murphy qualified as a chartered accountant
           with Price Waterhouse & Co. in Manchester, England and has a Bachelor of Commerce degree
           from the University of Liverpool.


           David J. Angell
           David Angell is the Executive Vice President—Dynacast Asia Pacific. Mr. Angell has served
           in this position since 2003. Mr. Angell joined Dynacast in 1993 as a management trainee. He
           spent two years in this role prior to relocating to the USA where he held various management
           roles in Sales and Engineering. He was appointed General Manager of Dynacast Lake Forest
           in 1999. In 2000, Mr. Angell relocated to South Carolina where he was also responsible for the
           Dynacast facilities in Texas and Mexico. Mr. Angell earned a Master’s degree in Mechanical
           Engineering from the University of Birmingham.


           Josef Ungerhofer
           Josef Ungerhofer, is the Executive Vice President—Dynacast Europe. Mr. Ungerhofer joined
           Dynacast in 1989 and during his career at Dynacast Mr. Ungerhofer has held a variety of
           positions including sales engineer and sales manager, with part time responsibility for
           engineering prior to being promoted to General Manager of our facility in Austria in 2000. He
           currently serves as General Manager of our facility in Austria (a position he has held since
           2000) as well as Executive Vice President – Europe effective January 2013. Prior to joining
           Dynacast, Mr. Ungerhofer worked as supervisor for Huick, a felt manufacturer for paper
           machines, and also as a Manager of Tooling and Engineering for NSW, a mass producer of
           fasteners. Mr. Ungerhofer holds a degree in mechanical engineering (Ing.) and attended the
           Warwick Business School in London and St. Gallen Management & Business School in
           Switzerland.


           Thomas Fort
           Thomas Fort is a partner of Izurium Capital Advisers Europe LLP (“Izurium”), a position he
           has held since 2009. Mr. Fort is focused on the sourcing and execution of European and
           U.S. deal opportunities. From 2006 to 2009, Mr. Fort was an associate in the London office of
           Francisco Partners, where he focused notably on the execution of software and hardware
           transactions in Continental Europe. Prior to Francisco Partners, he worked for J.P. Morgan


            Page 23 | Dynacast: Solid, Middle Market LBO
            BY MARGARET CANNELLA*


Authorized for use only in Private Equity by Emmanuel Yimfor from September 2026 to October 2026.
           Investment Bank in their French & Benelux Financial Institutions Group, where he
           participated in a number of M&A transactions in the banking sector and was involved in
           capital raising on behalf of global banking groups. Mr. Fort holds an MSc in Management from
           HEC Paris and is a graduate from Institut d’Etudes Politiques de Paris (Sciences-Po).


           Jeffrey L. Kenner
           Jeffrey L. Kenner is President of Kenner, a New York-based private equity investment firm.
           The firm’s principal objective is to acquire ownership positions in private operating companies
           that need capital for growth or liquidity for current shareholders. Prior to forming Kenner in
           1986, Mr. Kenner was President of the venture capital affiliate of an investment firm with
           whom he was employed since 1979. He began his career as a management consultant with
           Price Waterhouse & Co. He currently serves or has served on the boards of directors of Atrium
           Companies, Inc., a national window manufacturer, and Pace Industries, Inc., an aluminum die
           casting company. Mr. Kenner graduated from Lehigh University with degrees in Industrial
           Engineering and Business Administration. After graduating from Lehigh, he served in the
           U.S. Marine Corps and then attended Harvard Business School’s Executive Education
           Program in Financial Management. Mr. Kenner is a member of the Board of Trustees of Reed
           College in Portland, Oregon and is a Trustee of National Public Radio.


           Stephen E. Paul
           Stephen E. Paul is a Managing Principal of Laurel Crown Partners, LLC (“Laurel”), a private
           investment company, a position he has held since 2001 and President of The Louis Berkman
           Investment Company, a position he has held since January 2013. Prior to joining Laurel and
           The Louis Berkman Company, Mr. Paul was a Vice President of Business Development of
           eToys, Inc. and an Associate at Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette, Inc. Mr. Paul serves on several
           boards of directors including Ampco-Pittsburgh Corporation, a public company, Pittsburgh
           Steelers Sports, Inc., Summit Reheis Investor Holdings, LLC and Native Foods Holdings
           Corporation. Mr. Paul was a director of Morton’s Restaurant Group, a public company, until
           February 2011. In addition, he is a Trustee of The Loomis Chaffee School. Mr. Paul is a
           graduate of Cornell University and earned an M.B.A. from Harvard Business School.


           Larry T. Solari
           Larry T. Solari is a partner of Kenner, a position he has held since 2002. Prior to joining Kenner,
           Mr. Solari was the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of BSI Holdings, Inc. (“BSI”) from
           1998 to 2001. Prior to starting BSI, Mr. Solari was the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of
           Sequentia, Inc. and President of the Building Materials Group of Domtar, Inc. Mr. Solari was
           President of the Construction Products Group of Owens-Corning from 1986 to 1994 and held
           various other positions with Owens-Corning since 1966. Mr. Solari serves on or has served on
           the boards of directors of Beazer Homes, USA, a public company, Pacific Coast Building
           Products, Inc., Atrium Companies, Inc., TruStile Doors, LLC, Performance Contracting Group,
           Pace Industries, Inc. and Cascade Windows (to October 2012). Mr. Solari earned a Bachelor of


                                                            Dynacast: Solid, Middle Market LBO | Page 24
                                                                                     BY MARGARET CANNELLA*


Authorized for use only in Private Equity by Emmanuel Yimfor from September 2026 to October 2026.
           Science degree in Industrial Management and a Master of Business Administration degree
           from San Jose State University and is a graduate of Stanford University’s Management
           Program.


           Stephen Wertheimer
           Stephen N. Wertheimer is a Managing Director and a founding partner of W Capital Partners
           (“W Capital”). Prior to the founding of W Capital in 2001, Mr. Wertheimer was the head of
           Paine Webber’s Asia investment banking division in Tokyo, held senior roles at CRT Capital
           Group, founded Water Capital Management and was a tax structured international finance
           specialist at First Chicago and Bank of America. Steve is a member of the International Council
           of Advisors of The National Geographic Society. Mr. Wertheimer holds a MBA from the
           Kellogg School of Management at Northwestern University and a BS in Finance from Indiana
           University. Mr. Wertheimer has served on numerous boards of directors and is currently a
           director of El Paso Electric, a public company, MooseJaw and World Kitchen.


           Source: Company 10-K




            Page 25 | Dynacast: Solid, Middle Market LBO
            BY MARGARET CANNELLA*


Authorized for use only in Private Equity by Emmanuel Yimfor from September 2026 to October 2026.
           Exhibit 10
           Risk Factors
           Various risks and uncertainties could affect our business. The risks and uncertainties described
           below are not intended to be exhaustive but represent the risks that we believe are material
           based on current information. If any of the risks described below or elsewhere in this Form 10-
           K or our other filings with the SEC, or other risks and uncertainties not presently known to us
           or which we currently deem immaterial, actually occur, our business, financial condition,
           results of operations, liquidity or access to the capital markets could be materially adversely
           affected. All forward-looking statements made by us or on our behalf are qualified by the risks
           described below.
           Economic conditions could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of
           operations and liquidity.
           Our business is impacted by economic conditions in North America, Europe and Asia. The
           global recession, particularly in Europe, had, and may in the future have, a negative effect on
           our results of operations and liquidity. Reduced sales in Europe led to restructuring efforts by
           us in the region. Throughout Europe, despite signs of recovery from the recession, economic
           uncertainty continues and demand for our products remains unpredictable. Any resulting
           cost-cutting and further downsizing actions implemented by us also could have a negative
           economic effect on our suppliers and third party contractors, possibly increasing our costs
           and/or limiting availability of these sources. In addition, certain fixed costs in Europe could
           make it difficult to adjust our fixed costs base to the extent necessary, or to make such
           adjustments on a timely basis, which could impact our profitability. Restructuring programs
           beyond those already completed could also be required. A significant downturn, whether in
           Europe or elsewhere, could also result in impairment of our goodwill or other intangible
           assets, which could be material to our consolidated financial statements.
           Any inability on our part to borrow or to meet our financial maintenance covenants in our
           Senior Secured Credit Facilities would affect our financing flexibility and could have a
           material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
           The future availability of bank borrowings under the revolving credit facility of the Senior
           Secured Credit Facilities is based on our ability to meet financial maintenance covenants,
           which could be materially impacted by negative economic trends. Failure to meet the financial
           maintenance covenants could materially impact the availability and interest rate of future
           borrowings.
           Disruptions, uncertainty or volatility in the credit markets may adversely impact the
           availability of credit already arranged and the availability and cost of credit in the future.
           These market conditions may limit our ability to replace, in a timely manner, maturing
           liabilities and access the capital necessary to grow and maintain our business. Accordingly,
           we may be forced to delay raising capital or pay unattractive interest rates, which could
           increase our interest expense, decrease our profitability and significantly reduce our financial
           flexibility.

                                                           Dynacast: Solid, Middle Market LBO | Page 26
                                                                                   BY MARGARET CANNELLA*


Authorized for use only in Private Equity by Emmanuel Yimfor from September 2026 to October 2026.
           We generally do not have long-term customer agreements and, to the extent one or more of our
           sales to particular end markets are impacted by sector downturns in that end market, we will
           experience reduced sales volumes.
           The industry in which we compete is generally characterized by specialized, individual orders
           from customers. A significant portion of our customers are not contractually obligated to
           purchase products or services from us. Most customer orders are for specific product runs,
           and repeat business largely depends on our customers’ satisfaction with our products.
           Although our business does not depend on any one customer, we cannot be sure that any
           particular customer will continue to do business with us for any period of time. We also
           depend to some extent on sales to certain end markets; to the extent these end markets
           experience downturns, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be
           adversely affected.
           We are dependent on key customers, the loss of which may adversely affect our business.
           We rely on several customers. Our top 10 customers accounted for approximately 36.4% of our
           net sales (inclusive of pass-through metal costs) during the year ended December 31, 2013. Our
           largest customer accounted for $46.4 million or 8.0%, of net sales for the year ended December
           31, 2013. Due to competitive pressures and changes in our customers’ programs and program
           life-cycles, there is always the risk of losing key customers or programs. Customer order
           volumes are dependent upon their markets and may be subject to delays or cancellations.
           As a result of dependence on our key customers, we could experience a material adverse effect
           on our business, financial condition and results of operations if any of the following were to
           occur:
              •    the loss of any key customer, in whole or in part;
              •    the insolvency or bankruptcy of any key customer;
              •    a declining end market in which customers reduce orders or demand reduced prices;
                   or
               • a strike or work stoppage at a key customer facility, which could affect both their
                   suppliers and customers.
           If any of our key customers become insolvent or file for bankruptcy, our ability to recover
           accounts receivable from that customer would be adversely affected and any payments we
           received in the preference period prior to a bankruptcy filing may be potentially recoverable
           by the bankruptcy estate of such customer. That scenario, as well as any one or more of the
           other factors enumerated above, could adversely impact our business, financial condition and
           results of operations.
           We operate in a highly competitive industry.
           The markets in which we sell our products, while generally fragmented, are highly
           competitive. We believe that our principal competitive advantages include an approach
           reflecting long-term business partnership and reliability, innovative specialized solutions,
           product quality and conformity to customer specifications, design and engineering
           capabilities, product development, timeliness of delivery and price. If we cannot remain at the

            Page 27 | Dynacast: Solid, Middle Market LBO
            BY MARGARET CANNELLA*


Authorized for use only in Private Equity by Emmanuel Yimfor from September 2026 to October 2026.
           forefront of these areas in our markets, our ability to remain competitive will be eroded. We
           will be adversely affected if our competitors develop products that are superior to our
           products or adapt more quickly than we do to evolving customer requirements.
           Competitive pressures arise from existing competitors, other companies that may enter our
           existing or future markets and, in some cases, our customers, which may decide to internally
           produce items we sell. While competition is generally fragmented, we compete with
           companies providing similar services on a regional and local basis and to some extent with
           customers with in-house manufacturing capabilities. We cannot assure you that we will be
           able to compete successfully with existing or new competitors. Failure to compete successfully
           could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of
           operations.
           The loss of key executives could adversely impact our ability to successfully compete globally
           and may adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations.
           Our success depends upon the efforts, abilities and expertise of our executive officers and
           other senior managers, including Simon J. Newman, our President and Chief Executive
           Officer, Adrian Murphy, our Chief Financial Officer, David Angell, Executive Vice President-
           Asia and Josef Ungerhofer, Executive Vice President-Europe. Mr. Newman has served in a
           number of technical, operational and management roles at Dynacast since 1979, through which
           he has developed significant industry experience and important relationships with our
           employees, customers and suppliers. Mr. Murphy, who first joined Dynacast in 1990, has
           served in various financial and management positions throughout the Dynacast business in
           the U.S., Canada and the United Kingdom. Since beginning his career with Dynacast in 1993,
           Mr. Angell has been responsible for operation, management and expansion of numerous
           Dynacast facilities and has developed essential experience and relationships while managing
           Dynacast’s Asian operations. Mr. Ungerhofer joined Dynacast in 1989. During his career at
           Dynacast, Mr. Ungerhofer held management positions in engineering and sales prior to being
           promoted to General Manager of our Austrian manufacturing facility in 2000, a position he
           currently still holds in addition to his European region responsibilities.
           The loss of the services of Messrs. Newman, Murphy, Angell or Ungerhofer could result in
           significant disruptions to our operations, which could have a material adverse effect on our
           business, financial condition and results of operations. It would be very difficult to replace the
           knowledge, skills, experience and relationships developed by Messrs. Newman, Murphy,
           Angell or Ungerhofer over the course of their careers with Dynacast. In addition, we may not
           be successful in attracting and retaining qualified personnel to replace Messrs. Newman,
           Murphy, Angell or Ungerhofer and the integration of replacement personnel could be costly
           and time consuming, could cause additional disruptions to our business, and could be
           unsuccessful.
           If we pursue strategic acquisitions or investments, we may not be able to successfully
           consummate favorable transactions or successfully integrate acquired businesses.




                                                            Dynacast: Solid, Middle Market LBO | Page 28
                                                                                    BY MARGARET CANNELLA*


Authorized for use only in Private Equity by Emmanuel Yimfor from September 2026 to October 2026.
           From time to time we may evaluate potential acquisition or investment opportunities in
           complementary businesses, products or technologies. Such transactions, if any, will be
           accompanied by the risks commonly encountered in acquisitions of businesses, including,
           among other things, integration costs, significant managerial challenges and lack of synergies.
           We may not successfully overcome these risks or any other problems encountered in
           connection with such transactions, including the inability to integrate an acquired business’s
           operations, IT technologies, services and products into our business, diversion of
           management’s attention, the assumption of unknown liabilities, increases in our indebtedness,
           the failure to achieve the strategic objectives of those acquisitions and other unanticipated
           problems, some or all of which could materially and adversely affect us. The process of
           integrating operations could cause an interruption of, or loss of momentum in, key competitive
           and marketing activities. Any delays or difficulties encountered in connection with any
           acquisition and the integration of operations could have a material adverse effect on our
           business, financial condition and results of operations.
           The raw materials used in our production processes are subject to price fluctuations that, if
           we cannot pass along such costs to customers, could adversely affect our business, financial
           condition and results of operations.
           Our supply of raw materials, including zinc, aluminum and magnesium, for our business
           could be interrupted for a variety of reasons, including pricing. Prices for raw materials
           necessary for production have fluctuated significantly in the past and significant increases
           could adversely affect our results of operations and profit margins. We have agreements with
           the vast majority of our customers to pass through changes in the price of zinc, aluminum and
           magnesium. Since metal prices are typically set each month proactively based upon the
           previous month’s metal index, there may be a lag-effect in a rising or falling market. If we are
           unable to pass along the cost of raw materials to customers for any reason, we will be exposed
           to potentially significant raw material commodity pricing risks which could materially and
           adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
           The energy costs involved in our production processes and transportation are subject to
           fluctuations that are beyond our control and could significantly increase our costs of
           production.
           Our manufacturing process and the transportation of raw materials, components and finished
           goods are energy intensive. Our manufacturing processes are dependent on adequate supplies
           of electricity and natural gas. A substantial increase in the cost of transportation fuel, natural
           gas or electricity could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. We may
           experience higher than anticipated fuel and energy costs in the future, which could adversely
           affect our results of operations. In addition, a disruption or curtailment in fuel and energy
           supply, for any reason, could have a material adverse effect on our production and sales, and
           accordingly could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results
           of operations.
           Potential product liability risks exist from the products that we sell.


            Page 29 | Dynacast: Solid, Middle Market LBO
            BY MARGARET CANNELLA*


Authorized for use only in Private Equity by Emmanuel Yimfor from September 2026 to October 2026.
           Our business exposes us to potential product liability risks that are inherent in the design,
           manufacture and sale of specialized cast and machined mechanical components and, where
           applicable, the products of third-party vendors that we use. We cannot assure you that we will
           be able to maintain our insurance on acceptable terms or that our insurance will provide
           adequate protection against all potential liabilities. In the event of one or more claims against
           us, a lack of sufficient insurance coverage could have a material adverse effect on our business,
           financial condition and results of operations. The defense of one or more significant claims,
           even if successful, would absorb a large amount of management’s time and our resources and
           distract key personnel from the day to day running of our operations. Moreover, even if we
           maintain adequate insurance, any successful claim could have a material adverse effect on our
           business, financial condition and results of operations.
           Some of our employees belong to labor unions, and strikes or work stoppages, as well as labor
           protection laws in various countries in which we operate, could adversely affect our
           operations.
           Some of the countries in which we operate, or may in the future operate, may have laws
           favorable to organized labor, which may make it difficult for us to rationalize or downsize
           operations. Many of the employees at our Peterborough, Canada facility belong to labor
           unions. In addition, most of our employees in Europe are represented by government-
           mandated works councils, which generally must approve changes in conditions of
           employment, including restructuring initiatives and changes in salaries and benefits. We may
           not be able to maintain constructive relationships with these labor unions or works councils
           and we may be unable to timely extend or renegotiate our collective bargaining agreements as
           they expire.
           In 2010, we experienced a minor work stoppage at our facility in France. That disruption did
           not involve all employees at the facility and it did not have a material impact on our business.
           We cannot guarantee that we will not have future disruptions, which could materially
           adversely affect our operations. If our unionized workers were to engage in a strike, work
           stoppage or other slowdown, or other employees were to become unionized, we could
           experience a significant disruption of our operations and higher ongoing labor costs, which
           could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of
           operations. In addition, a significant dispute could divert our management’s attention and
           otherwise hinder our ability to conduct our business.
           We operate and source internationally, which exposes us to the risks of doing business abroad.
           Our operations are subject to the risks of doing business abroad, including the following:
              •   fluctuations in currency exchange rates;
              •   limitations on ownership;
              •   limitations and expense associated with the repatriation of earnings;
              •   political, social and economic instability and disruptions, including the threat of global
                  terrorism;
              •   import and export controls;


                                                           Dynacast: Solid, Middle Market LBO | Page 30
                                                                                   BY MARGARET CANNELLA*


Authorized for use only in Private Equity by Emmanuel Yimfor from September 2026 to October 2026.
              •    labor unrest and current and changing regulatory environments;
              •    disadvantages of competing against companies from countries that are not subject to
                   U.S. laws and regulations, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (“FCPA”);
                • difficulties in staffing and managing multinational operations;
                • regulatory risk;
                • limitations on our ability to enforce legal rights and remedies; and
                • adverse tax consequences.
            In addition, we may face obstacles in the People’s Republic of China, including a cumbersome
           bureaucracy and significant political, economic and legal risks which may adversely affect our
           operations in that country. We also could be adversely affected by violations of the FCPA and
           similar worldwide anti-bribery laws. The FCPA and similar anti-bribery laws in other
           jurisdictions generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries from making improper
           payments to non-U.S. officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. We operate
           in many parts of the world that have experienced governmental corruption to a greater or
           lesser degree and, in certain circumstances, strict compliance with anti-bribery laws may
           conflict with local customs and practices and impact our ability to compete as effectively in
           these regions. We cannot assure you that our internal controls and procedures always will
           protect us from the reckless or criminal acts committed by our employees or agents. If we are
           found to be liable for FCPA violations (either due to our own acts or our inadvertence or due
           to the acts or inadvertence of others), we could be subject to United States federal criminal or
           civil penalties or other sanctions, which could have a material adverse effect on our business.
           Any of the events enumerated above could have an adverse effect on our operations in the
           future by reducing the demand for our products and services, decreasing the prices at which
           we can sell our products or otherwise having an adverse effect on our business, financial
           condition and results of operations.
           Strengthening of the U.S. dollar, as well as other foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations,
           could materially impact our results of operations.
           In 2013, approximately 83.0% of our net sales originated outside the United States. We
           translate sales and other results denominated in foreign currencies into U.S. dollars for our
           consolidated financial statements. This translation is based on average exchange rates during
           a reporting period. During times of a strengthening U.S. dollar, our reported international
           sales and earnings have been reduced when foreign currencies translated into fewer U.S.
           dollars. This risk will increase if foreign sales and expenses increase.
           Separately, while we generally manufacture in the same geographic markets as our products
           are sold, our sales are more concentrated in U.S. dollars and in Euros than our expenses which
           are typically denominated in local currency, and therefore our profit margins and earnings
           could be reduced due to fluctuations or adverse trends in foreign currency exchange rates.
           While we employ financial instruments to hedge certain of these exposures, this does not
           insulate us completely from currency fluctuation effects.




            Page 31 | Dynacast: Solid, Middle Market LBO
            BY MARGARET CANNELLA*


Authorized for use only in Private Equity by Emmanuel Yimfor from September 2026 to October 2026.
           We are subject to various environmental, health and safety laws and regulations and have
           related compliance expenditures and liabilities which may result in significant costs.
           Our operations and properties are subject to foreign, federal, state and local environmental,
           health and safety laws and regulations, particularly with respect to the use, handling,
           treatment, storage, discharge and disposal of wastes and other regulated materials used or
           generated in our manufacturing processes, release of pollutants into the air, soil and water,
           and the remediation of contaminated sites. Our failure to comply with applicable
           environmental laws and regulations and permit requirements could result in civil or criminal
           fines or penalties or enforcement actions, including regulatory or judicial orders enjoining or
           curtailing operations or requiring corrective measures, installation of pollution control
           equipment or remedial actions.
           We may be required to incur costs relating to the investigation or remediation of property,
           including property where we have disposed of our waste, and for claims alleging personal
           injury or damages to property or natural resources. Some environmental laws and regulations
           impose strict, and in some cases joint and several, liability on present and former owners,
           operators or users of sites for costs of investigation and remediation of contaminated sites, as
           well as those entities that send regulated materials to the sites. We cannot assure you that we
           have been or will be at all times in complete compliance with such laws, regulations and
           permits. In addition, we occasionally evaluate various alternatives with respect to our
           facilities, including possible dispositions or closures. Investigations undertaken in connection
           with these activities may lead to discoveries of contamination that must be remediated, and
           closures of facilities may trigger compliance requirements that are not applicable to operating
           facilities. Consequently, we cannot assure you that existing or future circumstances, the
           development of new facts or the failure of third parties to address contamination at current or
           former facilities or properties will not require significant expenditures by us.
           Environmental laws are complex, change frequently and have historically become more
           stringent over time. Although our costs of complying with environmental, health and safety
           laws, and our liabilities arising from releases of, or exposure to, regulated materials have not
           to date had a materially adverse effect on our business, financial position, results of operations
           or cash flows, there can be no assurance that this will continue to be the case in the future.
           Enactment of new laws and regulations, stricter enforcement of existing requirements,
           discovery of presently unknown conditions or accidental releases of regulated materials could
           cause us to incur costs which could be material.
           Operating problems in our business may adversely affect our business, financial condition
           and results of operations.
           We are subject to the usual hazards associated with manufacturing and the related storage and
           transportation of raw materials, products and waste, including explosions, fires, leaks,
           discharges, inclement weather, natural disasters, personnel injuries or fatalities, mechanical
           failure, unscheduled downtime and transportation interruption or calamities. The occurrence




                                                            Dynacast: Solid, Middle Market LBO | Page 32
                                                                                    BY MARGARET CANNELLA*


Authorized for use only in Private Equity by Emmanuel Yimfor from September 2026 to October 2026.
           of material operating problems at one or more of our facilities may have a material adverse
           effect on our operations as a whole, both during and after the period of operational difficulties.
           Adverse credit market conditions may significantly affect our access to capital, cost of capital
           and ability to meet liquidity needs.
           Disruptions, uncertainty or volatility in the credit markets may adversely impact our ability
           to access credit already arranged and the availability and cost of credit to us in the future.
           Market conditions may limit our ability to replace, in a timely manner, maturing liabilities and
           access the capital necessary to grow and maintain our business. Accordingly, we may be forced
           to delay raising capital or pay unattractive interest rates, which could increase our interest
           expense, decrease our profitability and significantly reduce our financial flexibility.
           Longer-term disruptions in the capital and credit markets as a result of uncertainty, changing
           or increased regulation, reduced alternatives or failures of significant financial institutions
           could adversely affect our access to liquidity needed for our business. Any disruption could
           require us to take measures to conserve cash until the markets stabilize or until alternative
           credit arrangements or other funding for our business needs can be arranged. Such measures
           could include deferring capital expenditures and reducing or eliminating future share
           repurchases or other discretionary uses of cash. Overall, our business, financial condition and
           results of operations could be materially adversely affected by disruptions in the credit
           markets.
           The financial information of the Predecessor Company is not representative of our financial
           condition, future results of operations or future cash flows nor does it reflect what our
           financial condition, results of operations or cash flows would have been as a stand-alone
           company during the periods presented.
           The Predecessor Company financial information included in this Form 10-K is not
           representative of our future financial condition, future results of operations or future cash
           flows nor does it reflect what our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows would
           have been as a stand-alone company during the Predecessor Company period presented. This
           is primarily because:
              •   Our historical combined financial information has been derived from the financial
                  statements and accounting records of Melrose and reflects assumptions and allocations
                  made by Melrose. Those assumptions and allocations may be different from the
                  comparable expenses we would have incurred as a stand-alone company;
              •   Prior to the Acquisition, the Dynacast business was not owned by a single legal entity
                  and, accordingly, historical consolidated financial information does not exist;
              •   Certain general corporate expenses were historically allocated to the Predecessor
                  Company period by Melrose that, while reasonable, may not be indicative of the actual
                  expenses that would have been incurred had we been operating as a stand-alone
                  company, nor are they indicative of the costs that will be incurred in the future as a
                  stand-alone company;



            Page 33 | Dynacast: Solid, Middle Market LBO
            BY MARGARET CANNELLA*


Authorized for use only in Private Equity by Emmanuel Yimfor from September 2026 to October 2026.
              •   The Predecessor Company’s working capital requirements historically were satisfied
                  as part of Melrose’s corporate-wide cash management policies. Since becoming a
                  stand-alone company, we no longer rely on Melrose for working capital. In connection
                  with the transactions, we incurred a large amount of indebtedness and will therefore
                  assume significant debt service costs. As a result, our cost of debt and capitalization
                  will be significantly different from that reflected in the Predecessor Company’s
                  historical combined financial information; and
               • Following the Acquisition, we have experienced increases in our costs, including the
                  cost to establish an appropriate accounting and reporting system, debt service
                  obligations, providing healthcare and other costs of being a stand-alone company.
           See “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
           Operations” in Part II, Item 7, and our audited consolidated and combined financial
           statements and the related notes thereto included in Part II, Item 8, of this Form 10-K.
           We have a limited history as a stand-alone company
           The Dynacast business was operated under Melrose prior to July 19, 2011. On July 19, 2011, as
           a result of the Acquisition, we became an independent, stand-alone company. There is a
           significant degree of difficulty inherent in the process of transitioning from a subset of a larger
           corporate parent to becoming a stand-alone company, including effecting this process while
           carrying on our ongoing operations and separating our corporate infrastructure from
           Melrose’s, including systems, insurance, accounting, legal, finance and tax.
           Our failure to continue to operate as a stand-alone company could have an adverse effect on
           our business, financial condition and results of operations. This ongoing process could cause
           an interruption of, or loss of momentum in, the activities of one or more of our businesses.
           Members of our senior management may be required to devote considerable amounts of time
           to this process, which will decrease the time they will have to manage their respective
           businesses, service existing customers, attract new customers and develop new products or
           strategies. If our senior management is not able to manage this process effectively, or if any
           significant business activities are interrupted as a result of this process, our business could
           suffer.
           If we fail to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting, we may not be able
           to accurately report our financial results which could have a material adverse effect on our
           operations and investor confidence in our business.
           As an SEC-reporting company, we are required to maintain effective disclosure controls and
           procedures and internal control over financial reporting, to disclose, on a quarterly basis,
           changes made in our internal control and procedures that, or that are reasonably likely to,
           materially affect internal control over financial reporting, and, beginning with our fiscal year
           ending December 31, 2013, to provide an annual assessment of the effectiveness of our internal
           control over financial reporting. If we fail to maintain effective internal control over financial
           reporting, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results which could have a
           material adverse effect on our operations and investor confidence in our business.


                                                            Dynacast: Solid, Middle Market LBO | Page 34
                                                                                     BY MARGARET CANNELLA*


Authorized for use only in Private Equity by Emmanuel Yimfor from September 2026 to October 2026.
           A group of investors, including Kenner, controls us and their interests may conflict with or
           differ from ours.
           Certain affiliates of Kenner and their co-investors have the power to elect all of our directors.
           Therefore, these stockholders have the ability to prevent any transaction that requires the
           approval of our Board of Directors, including the approval of significant corporate
           transactions such as mergers and the sale of substantially all of our assets. The directors elected
           by these stockholders have the ability to control decisions affecting our corporate structure,
           including the issuance of additional capital stock, the implementation of stock repurchase
           programs and the declaration of dividends. The interests of these stockholders could conflict
           with, or differ from, the interests of holders of the Notes. For example, if we encounter financial
           difficulties or are unable to pay our debts as they mature, the interests of these stockholders
           might conflict with the noteholders’ interests. Furthermore, the concentration of ownership
           held by these stockholders could delay, defer or prevent a change of control or impede a
           merger, takeover or other business combination. Additionally, these stockholders are in the
           business of making or advising on investments in companies they hold, and may from time to
           time in the future acquire interests in or provide advice to businesses that directly or indirectly
           compete with certain portions of our business or are suppliers or customers of ours. These
           stockholders may also pursue acquisitions that may be competitive with, or complementary
           to, our business, and, as a result, those acquisition opportunities may not be available to us. So
           long as these stockholders continue to own a significant amount of the outstanding shares of
           our common stock, they will continue to be able to strongly influence or effectively control our
           decisions.
           Our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected by
           various legal and regulatory proceedings.
           We are subject to legal and regulatory proceedings, lawsuits and claims in the normal course
           of our business and we could become subject to additional proceedings, lawsuits or claims in
           the future, some of which could be material. Any proceedings, lawsuits or claims initiated by
           or against us, whether successful or not, may be time consuming and require significant
           amounts of management time, result in costly litigation and damage awards, require us to
           change our business practices or products, result in diversion of significant operations
           resources or otherwise harm our business and future financial results. The outcome of existing
           proceedings, lawsuits and claims may differ from our expectations because the outcomes of
           litigation, including regulatory matters, are often difficult to reliably predict. Various factors
           or developments can lead us to change estimates of liabilities and related insurance receivables
           where applicable, or make such estimates for matters previously not susceptible to reasonable
           estimates, such as a significant judicial ruling or judgment, a significant settlement, significant
           regulatory developments, or changes in applicable law. A future adverse ruling, settlement,
           or unfavorable development could result in charges that could have a material adverse effect
           on our business, financial condition or results of operations in any particular period.
           Our level of indebtedness could adversely affect our financial flexibility.



            Page 35 | Dynacast: Solid, Middle Market LBO
            BY MARGARET CANNELLA*


Authorized for use only in Private Equity by Emmanuel Yimfor from September 2026 to October 2026.
           We have a significant amount of consolidated indebtedness. As of December 31, 2013, our total
           consolidated indebtedness was $390.3 million (excluding mandatorily redeemable preferred
           stock and the warrants issued to its purchaser) and $47.1 million was available for borrowing
           under our revolving credit facility (after giving effect to $2.9 million of outstanding letters of
           credit). Our level of indebtedness increases the risk that we may be unable to generate cash
           sufficient to pay amounts due in respect of our indebtedness. Our indebtedness could have
           other important consequences to noteholders and significant effects on our business.
           For example, our indebtedness could:
              •   make it more difficult for us to satisfy our obligations;
              •   increase our vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and
                  competitive conditions;
               • require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flows from operations to make
                  payments on our indebtedness, thereby reducing the availability of our cash flows to
                  fund working capital, capital expenditures and other general corporate purposes;
               • limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the
                  industry in which we operate;
               • restrict us from taking advantage of opportunities to grow our business;
               • place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors that have less
                  indebtedness; and
               • limit our ability to borrow additional funds for working capital, capital expenditures,
                  acquisitions, debt service requirements, execution of our business strategy or other
                  general corporate purposes on satisfactory term or at all.
           In addition, the indenture governing the Notes contains, and the agreements evidencing or
           governing our Senior Secured Credit Facilities and our other and future indebtedness may
           contain, restrictive covenants that may limit our ability to engage in activities that may be in
           our long-term best interests, dispose of assets or cause us to make non-strategic divestitures.
           Our failure to comply with those covenants could result in an event of default which, if not
           cured or waived, could result in the acceleration of all of our indebtedness.
           To service our indebtedness, we will require a significant amount of cash. Our ability to
           generate cash depends on many factors beyond our control.
           Our ability to make payments on and to refinance our indebtedness and to fund planned
           capital expenditures and key marketing initiatives will depend on our ability to generate cash
           in the future. This, to a certain extent, is subject to general economic, financial, competitive,
           legislative, regulatory and other factors that are beyond our control. We cannot assure you
           that our business will generate sufficient cash flow from operations, that currently anticipated
           cost savings and operating improvements will be realized on schedule or that future
           borrowings will be available to us under the Senior Secured Credit Facilities in an amount
           sufficient to enable us to pay interest on our indebtedness or to fund our other liquidity needs.
           The borrowings under our Senior Secured Credit Facilities bear interest at variable rates and
           other indebtedness we may incur could likewise be variable-rate indebtedness. If market rates
           increase, variable-rate indebtedness will create higher debt service requirements, which could

                                                            Dynacast: Solid, Middle Market LBO | Page 36
                                                                                    BY MARGARET CANNELLA*


Authorized for use only in Private Equity by Emmanuel Yimfor from September 2026 to October 2026.
           further adversely affect our cash flow. If our leverage ratio increases, the aggregate interest
           rates we are charged under our Senior Secured Credit Facilities could increase by 25 basis
           points. We do not hedge our interest rate exposure.
           If our cash flows and capital resources are insufficient to fund our debt service obligations, we
           may be forced to reduce or delay capital expenditures or expansion initiatives, sell material
           assets or operations, obtain additional equity capital or refinance all or a portion of our
           indebtedness on or before maturity. In the absence of such operating results and resources, we
           could face substantial cash flow problems and might be required to sell material assets or
           operations to meet our debt service and other obligations. The indenture governing the Notes,
           the terms of our Senior Secured Credit Facilities and the terms of any future debt instruments
           we may enter into contain or may contain restrictions on our ability to dispose of assets, which,
           in addition to prevailing market conditions, may restrict or prohibit our ability to sell assets to
           generate cash. We cannot assure you as to the timing of such asset sales or the proceeds which
           we could realize from such sales and we cannot assure you that we will be able to refinance
           any of our indebtedness on commercially reasonable terms or at all.
           Despite restrictions in the indenture governing the Notes and our Senior Secured Credit
           Facilities, we and our subsidiaries may still be able to incur additional indebtedness and other
           obligations. This could create significant leverage and related risks.
           We and our subsidiaries may be able to incur a significant amount of additional indebtedness
           and other obligations in the future pursuant to the indenture governing the Notes and the
           terms of our Senior Secured Credit Facilities, including additional secured indebtedness.
           Although covenants under the indenture governing the Notes and our Senior Secured Credit
           Facilities limits our ability and the ability of our present and future subsidiaries to incur
           additional indebtedness, the terms of such indenture permit us to incur additional
           indebtedness. To the extent that we incur additional indebtedness or such other obligations,
           the risk associated with the additional indebtedness described above, including our possible
           inability to service our debt, will increase.
           Restrictive covenants in the indenture governing the Notes and in the terms of our Senior
           Secured Credit Facilities may limit our current and future operations, particularly our ability
           to respond to changes in our business or to pursue our business strategies.
           The indenture governing the Notes and in the terms of our Senior Secured Credit Facilities
           contain, and any future indebtedness of ours may contain, a number of restrictive covenants
           that impose significant operating and financial restrictions, including restrictions on our
           ability to take actions that we believe may be in our best interest. Among other things, the
           indenture limits our ability to:
              •   incur additional indebtedness and issue disqualified stock and preferred stock;
              •   pay dividends on or make distributions in respect of our membership interests or
                  capital stock or make certain other restricted payments or investments;
              •   create or incur liens;
              •   sell certain assets;


            Page 37 | Dynacast: Solid, Middle Market LBO
            BY MARGARET CANNELLA*


Authorized for use only in Private Equity by Emmanuel Yimfor from September 2026 to October 2026.
               • place restrictions on the ability of restricted subsidiaries to make payments to us;
               • enter into transactions with our affiliates;
               • consolidate, merge or sell all or substantially all of our assets; and
               • limit the ability of our restricted subsidiaries to guarantee indebtedness.
           In addition to a minimum interest coverage ratio, our Senior Secured Credit Facilities require
           us to maintain a maximum total leverage ratio.
           A breach of the covenants or restrictions under the indenture governing the Notes could result
           in a default. Such default may allow the creditors to accelerate the related debt and may result
           in the acceleration of any other debt to which a cross-acceleration or cross-default provision
           applies, including the Senior Secured Credit Facilities. In the event our lenders or noteholders
           accelerate the repayment of our borrowings, we cannot assure that we and our subsidiaries
           would have sufficient assets to repay such indebtedness.
           The restrictions contained in the indenture governing the Notes and in the terms of the Senior
           Secured Credit Facilities could adversely affect our ability to:
              •    finance our operations;
              •    make needed capital expenditures;
              •    make strategic acquisitions or investments or enter into alliances;
              •    withstand a future downturn in our business or the economy in general;
              •    engage in business activities, including future opportunities and expansion, that may
                   be in our best interest; and
               • plan for or react to market conditions or otherwise execute our business strategies.
           Our ability to obtain future financing or to sell assets could be adversely affected because a
           very large majority of our assets have been secured as collateral for the benefit of the holders
           of the Notes and the lenders under our Senior Secured Credit Facilities. In addition, our
           financial results, our indebtedness and our credit ratings could adversely affect the availability
           and terms of our financing.
           Our ability to meet our obligations under our debt, in part, depends on the earnings and cash
           flows of our subsidiaries and the ability of our subsidiaries to pay dividends or advance or
           repay funds to us.
           We conduct the vast majority of our business operations through our subsidiaries. The ability
           of these subsidiaries to make dividend payments, make loans or pay royalties, etc. to us will
           be affected by, among other factors, the obligations of these entities to their creditors,
           requirements of corporate and other law, and restrictions contained in agreements entered
           into by or relating to these entities. In addition, our foreign subsidiaries may be subject to
           currency controls, repatriation restrictions, withholding tax obligations on payments to us and
           other limits, and we may be subject to U.S. income tax on distributions from our foreign
           subsidiaries, even after taking into account foreign tax credits.
           Source: Company 10-K




                                                            Dynacast: Solid, Middle Market LBO | Page 38
                                                                                    BY MARGARET CANNELLA*


Authorized for use only in Private Equity by Emmanuel Yimfor from September 2026 to October 2026.
